Feat/port 3662 multi group support in gitlab docs (#324)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/gitlab/installation.md

     You will need to fill in the following parameters:

>    - `GITLAB_API_TOKEN` - Your `group access token` from the [prerequisites](#prerequisites);

Reviewer: Should be personal access token now.

Also need to update the part in prerequisites

     In case you are using a self-hosted installation of GitLab, you will also need to fill in the following parameter:

   - `GITLAB_API_URL` - the URL to your GitLab installation (for example, `https://gitlab.getport.io`);

     For each group you can define which projects will be exported to Port catalog.

>      Port will get only merge requests, issues, pipeline etc... of the defined project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Port will only ingest the merge requests, issues, pipeline etc of the defined projects.
```

>    - `GROUPS_TO_REPOS` - A Projects to group mapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `GROUPS_TO_REPOS` - A Projects to group mapping, refer to the tip section below for a syntax example showing how to format this script parameter
```
